╔═════⫸ ⌘ ⫷═════╗
        𝑇ℎ𝑒 𝑂𝑛𝑒 𝑊ℎ𝑜 𝐿𝑜𝑠𝑡
╚═════⫸ ⌘ ⫷═════╝



Somewhere in Africa...........

"Where is he?"

I was surrounded by some people- I mean those aliens in their purple suit. Ten or twelve maybe, numbers won't really matter because I would just beat them all. Each had blasters in their hand which was of course, pointed towards me. It seemed like I was quite the centre of attraction. My suit covered everything except my face which could be seen and easily identified by anyone who knew me. Though, the ones who know me are either dead or mad.

"You really think we are going to tell you that easily?", replied a soldier just as he powered up his blaster. 

We were out in the open field near above a waterfall. I could see a herd of buffaloes not so far. The sky was clear and sun was bright. Light rays reflected on water so perfectly that it was solely enough to make anyone fall in love with nature. 

"I am going ask only more time, where is Kezlar?"

"Fuck off."

*sigh

"Alright."

I grabbed that person by his collar and flew high with full speed, leaving a trail of lightning behind me. It made a sonic vibration which teared through the atmosphere. That herd of buffaloes started to panic and they all ran in a same direction, fleeing from the scene. I was in the air at least 100fts. high. I looked him in the eyes. What I saw was crystal clear terror which had seized both his mind and his heart.

"Wh-what are you doing?", he stuttered while speaking that sentence. His last sentence.

"Setting an example."

I let my hand free and he was escaped from my grasp. Everyone saw him falling but no one could see the landing as the waterfall was too long. His body was eternally lost in the fog. I slowly came back down on the land, "You all wanna join him?"

"Alex! Don't kill them all! We need information.", came a beautiful voice in my head through Liv's communication system which relaxed my mood for a bit.

"I know, Rose. I just needed to make them scared."

*pew

A laser bolt hit my suit. Its stacirium fibre protected me from whatever harm it may have caused. The person who shooted me looked with surprise. He surely didn't expect that.

"They don't look scared to me."

"Looks like we are not getting any information here. Hey Rose, You mind if I break a bone or two?"

"Nope. Just get done with it fast, class starts in 2 hours."

I smiled a little.

◀•••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••▶

A marvelous throne room lingered in The High Castle of Valacia whose beauty itself told stories of power and superiority to anyone who could get even a glimpse of it. It was infamous in history for providing hospitality to the ancient tyrant rulers who once ruled the countless worlds which in their time and still now are feared by many. It was not like any castle seen in any humane world. Having built of shiny pure blueish metal for instance, instead of commonly used materials such as concrete which humans would mostly prefer. Four watch towers were mounted in the respective directions and surrounded the castle like distinctive points of a square. The watch towers themselves were completely rectangular shaped, not having any conical shape at the top like most would expect. About 500 meters tall in height, they glowed with soft light from their top heads. The whole building altogether was surrounded by vast ocean from all sides. In simple terms, the planet of Valacia was completely covered with water except the castle which alone stood high.

"When are you going to end him? When I die of old age or something?" This tone of royalty and frustration came from the Emperor himself, "It's been an year already since that kid told me 'I hereby declare war with you', he said it right to my face!"

"Your Majesty, I am doing everything in my power to put an end to this," Dr. Kezlar said with his face still hidden behind his mask, "We just have to wait for the right time."

"And when is the right time coming? Our outposts on Earth have been getting wiped out one by one by that kid and here we are discussing about timing! I am the Emperor of the great Valacyn Empire, how would it reflect on position living beings from every planet comes to know that the great Emperor is now into some child's play?"

"With all due respect, I would like to inform you that our research has reached quite an impressive growth since our new friend Blaze came in. It won't be much long when we have the universe in our hands."

"What?", the emperor glared down at him with cold eyes, "You dare call that human low-life my friend? Don't get ahead of yourself Ruphias kezlar, the only reason you are still alive even after cowardly running from a fight with that kid is because of your research. Make sure it bears fruit or else I will show you the same fate we displayed on those planets we have conquered. Now begone from my sight."

Dr. Kezlar bowed to him and left the room hurriedly. As he walked, he muttered to himself, "Tch. Just a little more and I will soon dispose both that bratty kid and the emperor"

The corridor in which he walked gleamed with beautiful pots having flowers of unknown alien species on either side, the floor itself was painted as though it was made of pure gold. It's ceiling litten with numerous chandeliers making anyone forget that it was not of any human's castle but an alien's. It was unusually deserted for the lack of company but at the same time, it created an interesting sensation of luxury. He turned a left, walked a few steps and then to his right was a staircase. It had both ways, up and down. He chose to walk down and reached the floor below. He moved toward his right and walked the corridor a little until a big metal door emerged within sight to his left. Two heavily armed guards were on either side of it. 

"Open it."

As his words left his mouth, the guard on the right side put out a small device from his belt not of more than 6 inches in length. He made a few clicks on its display and the door slid open, providing a look to what seemed like an elevator. Kezlar entered the elevator but he didn't turned around to face the door which slid shut as the elevator moved further down with tremendous speed. He stared at the hand of his which Alex had once injured in the previous battle. After some mere seconds, the elevator came to a halt. The evil doctor regained his focus and looked forward at the wall which also slid open. He stepped outside, giving a look to things around him. It was a colossal room enough to hold down even several giants in it (Do Giants exist in this world?).

The room had a ceiling which seemed to be the one singular big light source which provided vision. It was filled with numerous people wearing lab coat. Each working and busy in their own businesses. Some were staring at the huge displays which were sticked to the walls. Some played with oddly looking chemicals and made notes. In all of this, Kezlar turned his gaze to a- ah....... something like a beast maybe? It was chained but not with iron, but with wips made of bright light. The creature was around 8 feet tall, his long tail swirled into the air. It stood on its two tough legs, like a werewolf would. Its claws looked sharp, ready to destroy anyone or anything. Having not fur but sleek grey skin, it was much lizard or dragon like, though it didn't have any wings. What really stood out was its oddly looking pair of arms. One of it was humungous and muscular, the other was thin but still deadly looking. Its vertical pupil eyes were moving left and right as it tried with all its might to unbind himself. A growl could be heard but unfamiliar to any known existing animal which had ever walked (or flew, or swam or whatever else). It was more like of a man poorly trying to imitate a beast. Kezlar proceeded to come nearer to the creature as a young man near to him shouted, "Sir! Don't!"

Kezlar looked at the man as though he was denied a possession of his. 

"Sir, we have still not been able to control it," said the young man with short dark hair, his face looking pale as though he was one of those workaholic people, "So far, it has tried to strangle three of our people trying to tend to him. Betty even got her arm bleeding, cut by that thing whatever we are planning to call it. She is going to be so infuriated at me now because if I hadn't asked for her help, she wouldn't have got herself a scar"

"Are you telling me that you still haven't been able to control it after the whole period of time I provided you, Lexter?"

Upon hearing Kezlar's question, his already looking pale face became worse. "I am afraid so, s-sir."

Kezlar simply looked at him but the young man sharply understood what he had to do now. He knew exactly what he was supposed to do now. He was now going to provide his superior with arguments hoping that they are convincing or he might just get eaten by the creature that was growling and hissing and was definitely not in its good mood. 

"S-sir, I am sure you hired me knowing that I had it in me to be able to do this work,"a drop of sweat was upon his forehead which he didn't seem to have noticed, "I have tried out every thing there is but nothing works. I even tried Requilix Smoke and Sinerius Weed. I am sure a person as great as yourself surely know how powerful they are. I mean you are literally the most smartest person in this whole univer-"

"Enough! Enough with the flattering, I'm not going kill you. You can go now.", spoke Kezlar as he sighed.

Deep inside, Lexter was relieved with a triumphant feeling that he had just saved his own life. He left without speaking a word. 

Kezlar looked backed at the beast and saw it still trying to get out of the grasp of the light-made wips which seemed to have had no effect upon it done by its prisoner. "Why doesn't it work?", the doctor muttered, "Why does something always go wrong. The serum worked on Blaze so perfectly, so why does it mutate our soldiers into these horrible mindless beasts?"

A figure appeared from behind, "Even with your face hidden, you sure look worried enough," this voice was melodious and tender. 

"It is indeed a problem to be worried about, Nerovann.", he said without shifting his gaze from the beast

She was now standing right to him with her eyes upon the beast, "Is it the Emperor again?", she asked.

"Partially, yes. He plays a part in this problem, that is quite true. What more worries me is that my Project Kezlar is not bearing fruit. The first version serum only worked on you and that human kid. You were and still are the only Valacyn and he was the only human on which it had worked and given extraordinary powers. I didn't know how and why only you two. My plan was to study you two, I even gained his DNA which had the mark of mutations by my Kezlar. And then by using it, I modified it and made Blaze. I thought I had achieved what I wanted to for far too long. But that was untrue, a mere illusion."

"Not even any other human experiments have been successful by the second version of Kezlar?"

"No. It doesn't work on any Valacyn or Human. In the end upon taking the Kezlar, they just turn into mindless animal."

"How is that a problem?" 

For the first time in this conversation, Kezlar looked at her, "What do you mean? Why would the emperor want soldiers who cannot be controlled? They would just go rampage without any tactic or strategy."

She looked at him too, "Then let them if it is in their nature to do so."

◀•••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••▶

"Excuse me, excuse me, EXCUSE ME!", running through the hallway full of people, I rushed for the first class of my 3rd senior year. Wouldn't want to be late for that or else I would end up dead. I had heard that the teachers of the 3rd year are like wolves, not kidding. If you do one thing wrong, only ONE THING, they would hunt you down. 

"Found it!", I gave a shout inside my head just as my classroom appeared in front of me. 

I walked inside- I mean I ran inside the classroom and there she was at the back busy in her own books while all of the classroom was just muttering to themselves. I walked towards her, gasping for breath. She finally noticed me coming and closed her book, "Oh, there you are."

I sat next to her, giving her a look at my face which was drenched with sweat, "Yeah..... It took........ time.... to reach here......", I lacked a lot of breath

"I told you to give it a rest, fighting is not the best way to start your day." 

I inhaled and exhaled and did it again, "Yeah so, what were you reading?"

"You care?"

"Ah, never mind."

*𝑟𝑖𝑛𝑔𝑠

Upon hearing the sound, we knew what was going to happen. Our first class of 3rd Year Senior High. I then wondered to myself, "Where are you, Oliver?"
